You don't want my wife to live?
Let me say let you compensate him for killing me
Do you dare to kill me?
You try as you wish
Brother, I beg you, you can't go
you
You're a fucking coward
I'm going to ask you one last time.
Where is it hahaha
I'll tell you again.
I don't know.
When your wife dies
I'll let you kill a stick of incense on his grave
How did it go?
It's too cheap to kill you
I'll let you know what it means to be unable to survive
I can't die
Come on, three years old
Sorry wife
All because of me
I don't blame you for my bad life
benefit
You promise me
After I die, you take good care of the little slave
Don't even think about revenge, okay?
Wife
You won't die.
I have no hope
Just find another person with a successful bone marrow match
You are saved, wife
You trust me.
Mr. Yu
Excuse me.
There are new patients coming in this routine ward
Your anger
Need to be transferred to the general ward
What do you mean?
My Wife
Why is it an ordinary phone in this situation now?